README.md, before:

R scripts for setting up gyroscopeV2 viewer in R for zebrafish data. Requires gmra and gyroscopeV2 (available from www.math.duke.edu/~sgerber/software) and Rmatlab packages. 

The setup script expects to have the session recordings in subfolders in this directory named session_x, the outliers files save in this directory and the reference stacks in  saved in a subfolder reference_stacks and name dreferenceX.mat.
Note that you might need to resave the reference stacks from matlb witha different version number since RMatlab csometimes has trouble reading newer matlab versions data files.

Adjust time frames, sigma and if necessary file paths if your setup differs from above in setup.R. Then run source("Rscript/setup.R") and then source("Rscripts/run.gyroscope.R") i in R. Note that this will save the processed data in the folder saved. For later session you can load this data and only  run  source("Rscrips/run.gyroscope.R").
If naming of varibales in the matlab files changed adjust read.data.R to reflect those changes.

Commit message:

added pwoer spectrum, joint spatial and correlation clustering and loading multiple data sets into one visualization

README.md, after:

R scripts for setting up gyroscopeV2 viewer in R for zebrafish data. Requires
gmra, RColorBrewer, RMatlab and focus (and gyroscopeV2 to run older scripts).


The setup script expects to have the session recordings in subfolders in this
directory named session_x, the outliers files save in this directory and the
reference stacks in  saved in a subfolder reference_stacks and name
dreferenceX.mat.  Note that you might need to resave the reference stacks from
matlb witha different version number since RMatlab csometimes has trouble
reading newer matlab versions data files.

The scripts are divided into preprocessing and running the visualization.

The preprocessing is done through any of tose scripts:
- setup.R
- setup.chunks.R 
- setup.multi.R
Adjust time frames, sigma and if necessary file paths if your setup differs from
the defauls in those scripts. If naming of varibales in the matlab files changed
adjust read.data.R to reflect those changes. 

The visualization si run through the scripts:
- run.focus.R
- run.focus.multi.R
Adjust settings as desired. Options are described in the comments in the scripts.
